Blending biomass with fossil fuels is a relatively low-cost technology to use renewable energy in the electricity generation sector. Most coal power plants can co-fire a small fraction (<10% energy) of biomass without major retrofit. In high income countries, over a hundred of power plants cofire biomass, often because governments forced utilities to deliver a minimum fraction of their electricity from renewable sources. Would that technology be appropriate in a middle income country on a coal binge: Vietnam? Here we show that the costs of cofiring 5% rice straw with coal are relatively modest, presenting two cases where the levelized cost of electricity would increase by less than 1%. These costs are lower than the benefits accruing to farmers selling straw to the plant and neighbors benefiting from improved air quality. Assuming a carbon value of 1$/tCO2, the value of avoided CO2 is small in front of agricultural and air quality benefits.


Requisite :
Python 3
pandas
natu 1.2
pytest
sudo -H pip3 install pytest-regtest
sudo pip3 install xlrd
sudo pip3 install SALib
make

Installation:
If necessary the makefile will install  .git/hook/pre-commit  script when doing "make cleaner".

natu version 1.1 broken with Python 3, because core.py uses the reduce function without importing it
Since version 1.2 is not in Pypi as of 2017/08 one should install from GitHub with
sudo pip3 install -I git+https://github.com/kdavies4/natu.git

pytest can be installed from the Ubuntu package "python3-pytest"

The file  strawdata.py  is an automatically generated intermediate file

Usage:
make

Code quality is promoted with these practices:
0. Self testing with  assert  statements
1. Unit testing with  doctests  comments in the code
2. Function testing with ad hoc python scripts
3. Regression testing with the  Makefile
4. System testing (TODO): by reproducing previously published results using their cost numbers
5. Compliance with Python code conventions is enforced with  pycodestyle  (aka pep8) before each commit
6. Compliance with Python in-code documentation is enforced with  pydocstyle  (aka pep257) before each commit
7. Static code analysis quality is enforced with  pylint  before each commit
8. Coherence of computations with respect to physical units is enforced with the  natu  package


Known bugs and workarounds:

doctest fails in an spyder3 IPython console with an unexpected argument in __init__
See https://github.com/spyder-ide/spyder/issues/1855
Use a simple Python console instead.

